# SENG406 Unsecure (Django) App - 2025 edition

This app has been developed in an unsecure way on purpose for SENG406 students to identifying common vulnerabilities and design issues in software systems.

All vulnerabilities hidden in the app are instances of [OWASP Top 10 2021](https://owasp.org/Top10/).

## Initial app - NoteNote

This app is a Note sharing app, with registration, login, sharing and commenting on notes.

## How to use it

### Download and unzip from Learn

```bash
$ unzip seng406-asg3-25.zip
```

### Set Up for `Unix`, `MacOS` and `Windows Subsystem for Linux`

Create a virtual environment

```bash
$ cd seng406-asg3-25
$ python3 -m venv .venv
$ . .venv/bin/activate
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Database initialisation (not needed!)

Set up the database. This is not necessary for this project as we provide you 
with a pre-filled database, but this is typically part of Django first-time run.

```bash
$ python manage.py makemigrations myauth notes 
$ python manage.py migrate
```

Collect static files. This is necessary for some [Django deployment magic](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.2/howto/static-files/deployment/).

```bash
$ python manage.py collectstatic
```

### Run the SMTP server

Start the (console) SMTP server (mock email)

```bash
$ python3 -m aiosmtpd -n -l localhost:8025
```

Emails will print to the console instead of being sent out. See the bottom of `settings.py` for more details.

## Start the app

```bash
$ python3 manage.py runserver_plus  --cert-file cert.pem --key-file key.pem
```

At this point, the app runs at `https://127.0.0.1:8000/`.

Because we run the server on a self-signed certificate, we have to use the 
`runserver_plus` helper script which starts a development server. You can ignore
that message and consider the server deployed in a secured way.

## Credits

This code was created from an initial template generated by Claude Sonnet 4.
